next add one tablespoon of dark soy
sauce then one tablespoon of light soy
sauce and I'm using two different soy
sauces because they each have their own
flavors and characteristics which really
lend depth to this dish
two and a half fluid ounces of rice wine
or you structure if you can't get rice
wine and finally two teaspoon of sugar
and this'll help balance the whole dish
bring this mixture to a simmer add your
spareribs and bring the mixture to a
boil then turn it down very low and let
it simmer for about 40 minutes until
it's nice and tender and all the flavors
of the sauce have permeated right
through to the spareribs and over here I
have some spareribs which have been
simmering for 40 minutes and all the all
the flavors have gone right into the
ribs giving it a nice deep rich color
now the ribs are ready to be eaten just
like they are or what I like to do is I
like to put them in the oven to brown a
little I think this gives them a nice
crispy texture on the outside the nice
thing about this dish is that sauce can
be saved and frozen and then reused
again if you're going to make chili pork
spareribs and each time you reuse the
sauce of course it has more and more
flavor and these kinds of sauces save
like this are known in China as master
sauces and I've understand from some
Chinese authorities that there are
master sauces in China which have been
going on for over a hundred years and
that sauce must be very good indeed now
once you've taken them out of the sauce
put them in the oven gas mark 4 or 350
Fahrenheit 180
centigrade and cook them for about 15 or
20 minutes until they're nice and brown
and I have some in the oven which I put
there earlier and here they are nice and
crispy on the outside and tender on the
inside during the summer if you'd like
you can put them on a BBQ instead of the
oven and this gives them a nice smoky
flavor
and so that's chili pork spareribs from
western China